README.md, before:

# Web Application for Training Tracking

## Project Purpose

### What is a Triathlon?

A triathlon is a multi-discipline endurance race consisting of swimming, cycling, and running performed in immediate succession. The most recognized formats include:

Sprint: 750m swim, 20km bike, 5km run
Olympic (Standard): 1.5km swim, 40km bike, 10km run
Half Ironman (70.3): 1.9km swim, 90km bike, 21.1km run
Ironman: 3.8km swim, 180km bike, 42.2km run

Each distance typically has a cut-off time. For full Ironman races, athletes must finish within 17 hours, with intermediate limits for each segment (e.g., 2h20 for the swim). Triathlons test endurance, strategy, and versatility across disciplines.

## Group Member

| UWA ID   | Name         | Github Username |
| -------- | ------------ | --------------- |
| 24552745 | Vu Huy Pham  | vuhuy194779     |
| 24408753 | Zhehao Chen  | FakePicasso1    |
| 24327882 | Merlyn John  | merlynjohn      |
| 24022113 | Olivia Zhang | OliviaZ12       |

## Instruction

In the terminal, run the following command

```
cd web
pip install -r requirements.txt
flask db upgrade
flask run
```

## Test

Commit message:

Add share and Search user functionality

README.md, after:

# Web Application for Training Tracking

## Project Purpose

### What is a Triathlon?

A triathlon is a multi-discipline endurance race consisting of swimming, cycling, and running performed in immediate succession. The most recognized formats include:

Sprint: 750m swim, 20km bike, 5km run
Olympic (Standard): 1.5km swim, 40km bike, 10km run
Half Ironman (70.3): 1.9km swim, 90km bike, 21.1km run
Ironman: 3.8km swim, 180km bike, 42.2km run

Each distance typically has a cut-off time. For full Ironman races, athletes must finish within 17 hours, with intermediate limits for each segment (e.g., 2h20 for the swim). Triathlons test endurance, strategy, and versatility across disciplines.

## Group Member

| UWA ID   | Name         | Github Username |
| -------- | ------------ | --------------- |
| 24552745 | Vu Huy Pham  | vuhuy194779     |
| 24408753 | Zhehao Chen  | FakePicasso1    |
| 24327882 | Merlyn John  | merlynjohn      |
| 24022113 | Olivia Zhang | OliviaZ12       |

## Instruction

You must have installed Python version >= 3.9

In the terminal, run the following command

```
cd web
```

Then for windows users run

```
py -3 -m venv .venv
.venv/Scripts/activate
```

Or if you're a Mac/Linux user

```
python3 -m venv .venv
.venv/bin/activate
```

And follow these command to open the application

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
flask db upgrade
flask run
```

## Test
